# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is open-format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week or some of the things that you are still struggling with; identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally reflect on how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn that was a shock or surprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


 Oh my word and holy cow. I thought I was grasping everything pretty well, but then I tried to answer the questions and do the reading. I don't understand maybe 70 percent of anything I've been reading. I'm a little baffled. Proxy objects, prototypes, inheritance, export default. I can't even remember the 'OLID' in the 'SOLID' principles anymore. The four pillars of object oriented design are terrifyingly confusing as well. I understand Abstraction and Encapsulation pretty okay I think. They both follow from everything we've been doing in lecture and lab. I do not understand Inheritance or Polymorphism. Probably because they seem to be related to each other. I get that objects inherit prototypes from their parent objects. I don't get how an object produces children or what use or value the prototype even has. I can read Object object and I now know that is apparently a prototype. I don't understand what that prototype is trying to tell me beyond that the thing is an object. I really don't understand how any of it is supposed to help make my code cleaner and easier to read. I especially am struggling with this concept of objects having children. Is that when I make a new child from a class? Or is it an object inside of an object? I don't understand, and I don''t think that we've done anything like this in lecture, have we? Have I been doing this the whole time and just haven't understood what any of it was called? I think I can do, but I don't really understand any of this stuff. I'm thinking I will talk to Mick or Jeremy and just try to ask some questions, and if things still aren't making any sense I'll try to schedule a tutor session.

 Excited to learn though! I hate that feeling of reading something over and over three different ways and still not understanding any of it. I need to tell myself that it will make understanding feel that much better. I want to understand, I think I might just need to hear it in person instead of reading it with my eyes. Goodness it seems so complicated.